### Thoughts
Right now I have an API that can have the backend return the current user for authentication on the frontend, but before that I think we can develop other functions in the backend before adding authentication to block the pages. GPT also agrees. 

1. develop the main functions of the app 
	1. be able to add purchases according to a receipt 
		1. For people who don't want to keep detailed expenses for each purchase, they can just enter the final price, location, and maybe the whole discount ? No, the whole discount is used to calculate the final price
		2. should the time be generated automatically ? I think this time might have to be the time that is on the receipt ? or maybe the date, because it should be the date that the purchase is done. So that I can have some kind of calendar view.  How do I have this ? and should I have a record of the time the record is made ? 
	2. API design 
		1. the purchase create api has an expense list which is pretty convenient because you don't know how the user will add expenses and add how much 
		2. but when we add expenses to an existing purchase we shouldn't use patch purchase to add expenses because if the api only has `{expense: [{...}]}` how do you know if the user wants to add, delete or modify some expense. 
		   So when patching we should not be doing anything to the children or parent, they should deal with info of itself.
	Now because the backend apis are defined, but we need the frontend to make it function as expected, but then the frontend structure is quite important. 
	3. So after going through how to design a frontend, by defining an UX design first. The design was pretty complicated and after AI generated the code, I have no idea how to write a web page so I decided to do this step by step. 
		1. Get a today page of the purchase 
		- Structure
			  ```<TodayPage>
				- <DayHeader>
				- <DayPanel>
					- list of <PurchaseCard>
					- "ghost block" + Add purchase```
		- 
2. 
### TO DO

1. Modify purchase schema, model, route
	1. include purchase_at, create_at, update_at in SQL model
	2. purchase_at in the schema (create_at, update_at) is automatically done in SQL
	3. define the purchase schema
2. Modify expense schema, model, route
	1. 
